what's up you two before you giving you
guys the fourth place Texas bujin deck
roba Thanks toward area for getting this
information out to the public also does
those either want to download this deck
from drop box please feel free to do it
I don't think many people have realized
that you know having you guys have the
ability to download the deck lets you
profile it yourself so just helping up
where we can so boojum not really much
to look at this deck and say you know
pre legacy the volley on that's still
pretty standard you know peacock isn't
in the stack other things like hair
aren't even included in here because it
still is you know pre but he did play
one m7 as something that a lot of the
consular are a lot of the Boojum buyers
who told me you don't need yeah kinda
need him i wouldn't even think about
playing the stick without playing at
least one m7 in it because omega gets
you into it for free and most of your
deck is light anyway so there's not
really much difference between that
except for the inclusion of to affect
the other and then one feeding swimming
bust this combo'd with you know your
graveyard reactive cards that seem
pretty good it's also playing to bhuj
incarnation i assume to set up key place
so guys this deck will be available in
dropbox on the description for you guys
to download so you guys can pretty much
find it there onto the deck to mikazuki
shrivel yamato to turtle one cent have
had one bear to americano triple craved
one honest and to effect veiler his
spells to boot incarnation triple
duality to MSD one book to lance and
triple tanky his traps bottomless the
sword tarantula wing blast calm pulse to
emptiness to be nice chain and once all
morning is extra deck cowboy dweller
maestra star leech dem entire black ship
apple operative omega 2 sonic good suchi
crazy box m7 gaia and our mateys it's
idec to Maxie one MST to travel to my
crush to duster nana to DNA surgery 27
tools & 2
debunk rings still close in the stack so
if you guys want to download this deck
it be available on dropbox for you guys
leave a comment down below come you guys
think in the mouth
you